Links to the Images I used: 

Links to the Models I used:

In the process of making this scene I first encountered Danilo Pasquariello's amazing tutorial playlist on youtube: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktjMCanKNLk&list=PL8MkBHej75fJD-HveDzm4xKrciC5VfYuV

Shortly after I began my work by creating a chair, by flatening one square, duplicating and rotating it, then making four stands each 1 space away from each 
other for simplicity and ease of use. 

Next I use this same principle to create a desk, I decided to make it have a thinker rectangle underneath to symbolize a drawer cabinet, when my rectangle went 
a little too low at first. So having a grasp on the primitive objects, I wondered if I could create a computer. I used two cylinders, on flat for the base, and one 
long to represent the base. 

I then made two rectangles, one to represent the desktop, and another to represent the monitor. Later on I found out how to add images by typing in 
src="(source url)" within the brackets, to give it that image of me playing league of legends. 

Next game the ground, the walls, and the ceilings, which are just more objects. 
In order for me to portray the walls realistically, I needed to use the repeat "3 3" command to make the wood on the walls duplicate. I took inspiration from the 
sample file we got and titled it #lightwood. 

I decided I didn't want all my walls to be the same so I made the North side have two smaller narrow boxes of equal height to make room for a window. I then made
long and narrow boxes and rotated them to represent the beams of a window looking out.

This is when I got the idea to use a pool. All I had to do was make another box similar to the way I made the ground and place it on a dpeth of -10 to face out the window.

The lighting for this project came much later. There is a couple of red lights to represent the fire, the sun, the blue pool against the house, theres a few faint
lights for the tv and some corrective lights implemented because the blue of the pool was shinning through the window.

I made glass boxes by setting the opacity of the material to .1 for the windows.

Now that I had a box house, I decided the outside didn't look realistic enough. So I decided to implement a similarly shaped outside layer of boxes that I just
changed the texture and repeat too for the bricks.

